---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-17T18:45:28.609Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-17T18:45:23.434Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-17-c5421d54-ce2b-49aa-a9a5-f83ae9a024f7.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: c5421d54-ce2b-49aa-a9a5-f83ae9a024f7/index.html
_type: Article

---
"Time to begin a new life....." or "I will start that tomorrow", how many times have you heard those words cross through your mind when you are making a resolution or having a rough week?

I  am currently struggling through that as we speak.  I am struggling to get up early to start my new habit of going to the gym every morning.  I am struggling getting 100% acclimated to a city that seems harder and harder to make lasting friendships in.  I am struggling with the loads of work that keep piling up and it seems I can't find the energy to do all of the things I want both work and personal in any given day.

What does that mean?  Do you just give up?  Simply and obviously no.  Habits are hard to build.  Especially when you are dealing with other outside noise and turmoil to distract you from accomplishing your overall goals.  
> 
> Focusing on the little things and making small habit changes while you deal with the external noise is critical to the success of habit growth.

I've  been to so many points where I feel like just giving up.  Quitting.  Life is too hard and the demands I have on me are just so over-whelming.  It's at that time you sit down and look at what's causing those stresses.  What burdens can you take-a-way?  What are you not doing that you can do to cause you happiness and less stress?

Take time to write down what makes you happy.  How much time are you spending on these tasks?  I encourage you to spend more time doing these tasks.  No excuses.